Small update to Update 0194.md (#1177)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0194.md

Clients **should not** automatically retry requests in which repeated runs
would cause unintended state changes.

> **Note:** This AIP does not cover client streaming or bi-directional streaming. Client side retry behavior for the client libraries is found in [AIP-4221](https://google.aip.dev/client-libraries/4221).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This AIP does not cover client streaming or bi-directional streaming.
**Note:** Client side retry behavior for the client libraries is found in [AIP-4221](../client-libraries/4221.md).
```
